MSIZE opcode spec (#68)
appliedzkp/zkevm-specs: specs/opcode/59MSIZE.md

# MSIZE op code

## Procedure

> The `MSIZE` opcode return the memory size of the current contract and place it on the top of the stack.

Author: > I think good to mention here is that the memory size returned by the opcode is in bytes, while internally the memory size is stored in words, so the opcode needs to multiply the state variable by `32`.

Yes, totally make sense.

> The `MSIZE` opcode return the memory size of the current contract and place it on the top of the stack. The memory size returned by the opcode is in bytes, while internally the memory size is stored in words, so the opcode needs to multiply the state variable by `32`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `MSIZE` opcode returns the memory size of the current execution and places it on the top of the stack. The memory size returned by the opcode is in bytes, while internally the memory size is stored in words, so the opcode needs to multiply the state variable by 32.
```

## Constraints

1. opId = OpcodeId(0x59)
2. state transition:
    - gc + 1 (1 stack write)
    - stack_pointer - 1
    - pc + 1
    - gas + 2

> 3. lookups: `1` busmapping lookups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. lookups: 1 busmapping lookup
```

Author: done
